Documentation changes for the 2FA additions (#40411)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/authentication/webauthn.adoc

The setup procedure of WebAuthn support for 2FA is the following:

[[_webauthn-register]]
===== Check WebAuthn authenticator registration is enabled

. Click *Authentication* in the menu.
. Click the *Required Actions* tab.
. Check action *Webauthn Register* switch is set to *ON*.

Toggle the *Default Action* switch to *ON* if you want all new users to be required to register their WebAuthn credentials.

[[_webauthn-authenticator-setup]]
==== Enable WebAuthn authentication in the default browser flow

. Click *Authentication* in the menu.
. Click the *Browser* flow.
. Locate the execution *WebAuthn Authenticator* inside the *Browser - Conditional 2FA* sub-flow.
. Change the _requirement_ from _Disabled_ to _Alternative_ for that execution.
+
.WebAuthn browser flow conditional with OTP
image:images/webauthn-browser-flow-conditional-with-OTP.png[WebAuthn browser flow conditional with OTP]

> With this configuration, the users can choose between using WebAuthn and OTP for the second factor. As the sub-flow is _conditional_, they are only asked to present a 2FA credential (OTP or WebAuthn) if they have already registered one of the respective credential types. If a user has configured both credential types, the credential with the highest priority will be displayed by default, but another option *Try Another Way* will be available that allows to select the other 2FA method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, the users can choose between using WebAuthn and OTP for the second factor. As the sub-flow is _conditional_, they are only asked to present a 2FA credential (OTP or WebAuthn) if they have already registered one of the respective credential types. If a user has configured both credential types, the credential with the highest priority will be displayed by default. However, the  *Try Another Way* option will appear so that the user has an alternative to log in.
```
